Boss
A bowl of bone broth noodles
Coming right up
Extra chili, please
Eat it while it's hot
Thanks
Lawyer Ruan
What are you doing here?
Just trying to make a living
After Yizhan fell apart,
I had to find other options
A big-shot lawyer like you
needs to scrape by?
Don't be shy
Have some beef with it
Go on, eat
Did your sister get admitted to the hospital?
She stayed for a while
Couldn't keep up with the fees
So I had to bring her back home
Listen,
if you run into any trouble,
just give me a call
When times are tough,
we should help each other out
I've shut down all the company's old channels
For now, I've got the guys
settled at the auto repair shop
But it's not a long-term solution
After all, they don't know anything else
Just the old tricks they used before
Tell the guys to lay low for a few days
I'm being watched closely
I know
Tell you what,
I'll figure something out
Okay
Sorry, my bad
Wrong table
Sorry, sorry
What's wrong?
Ulcers
Got three or four blisters
Does it work?
It feels cool when you spray it on
Not bad. Spray some on me
Sorry, I'm a bit late
Let's get started
Yizhan Tech
A small business that operated normally for three years,
then suddenly liquidated and shut down
Yizhan Tech
The dismemberment cold case
That's the case
But today we'll approach it from a financial crimes angle
Xin Qili was once an employee of this company,
and the boss was the victim of the 0301 case,
Tian Yong
According to the company's books,
in the six months before Yizhan Tech's liquidation,
they received several payments
from a Singapore company for tech services
totaling over 600 million
all booked under fake contracts
Tech service fees
Basically any excuse you put on paper
Once it's signed, the money flows in
But in reality, not a single cent of real transactions
ever took place
To be specific,
no actual tech services were ever provided,
but the funds had already been transferred
Because tech services
are typically intangible transactions,
and most are labeled as high-end tech
or IT-related work
Most people don't understand it,
which makes it easier to avoid
the risk of being caught in an audit
And these funds,
after being wired to multiple offshore accounts,
were quickly moved out
Accounts are closed within 24 hours
and switched out at an extremely high frequency
All these classic features match
the laundering mechanisms of underground banks
Lawyer Ruan,
the cops are starting
to suspect us now
Legally speaking,
is there any way
we can shake off this trouble?
If you'd come to me sooner,
there might've been more options
Now there's only one way out
Lawyer Ruan,
at this point, don't hold back on me
The fee is negotiable,
as long as the method works
Fine
Then go find a shell subsidiary
I'll handle the rest
That's easy, but...
Once I move all your problematic contracts
and financial records
over to that new company,
then we'll do the corporate split
Got it
Lawyer Ruan,
so about the legal rep of this subsidiary...
Brilliant. Truly brilliant
So we have the evidence
We can make arrests now
Right
We can arrest them,
but the money can't be recovered
These accounts are all fake operations
Funds get transferred out the moment they come in
Accounts are closed and switched within 24 hours
So conventional investigation techniques are useless
All trails are cut off
And these accounts,
you also found them in the Fengmao case
Either sold willingly or obtained through fraud
If we really arrest them,
we'd just get a bunch of scapegoats
Then
how did you catch Xin Qili?
A week after Yizhan was liquidated,
a subsidiary we had on our tracking list
under the guise of compensation for terminating tech services,
they wired 50,000 yuan to Xin Qili
Xin
And the legal representative of this subsidiary
was none other than Xin Qili
Have a seat
Sit, it's fine
You,
during your years at the company,
your loyalty
and dedication to the company
have been obvious to all of management
So we've unanimously decided
that the general manager of the new company
will be you
It's perfectly normal
So the purpose of this 50,000 yuan
wasn't to transfer funds,
but to draw our attention
They sensed the police were tracking them,
so they singled out
Xin Qili's name
Just to tell us
he's different from other small-time players,
that something's off about him
But we always believed
this was a diversion tactic
There's bigger criminal activity behind it
It's a classic scapegoat tactic
The large funds were transferred out long ago
This small amount
was just to push Xin Qili to the front
The defendant Xin Qili's actions
constitute the crime of illegal business operations
The charges brought by the prosecution stand
Defendant Xin Qili,
as the manager directly in charge of the company,
organized and carried out the crime,
played a leading role in the joint offense,
and is the principal offender
So we deliberately left an opening
Even though Xin Qili is just a scapegoat,
he must be connected to the criminal gang
behind all this
But unfortunately,
they reacted quickly
Knowing the police hadn't moved,
the scapegoat became useless,
so they halted all online activity
And our only lead became Xin Qili
Now he's dead
Which means
the underground bank or Xin Qili switched to cash
That matches up with the money
in Fengmao's warehouse
The goods Xin Qili delivered to Fengmao
were the dirty money they wanted to launder
Exactly
So to break through Fengmao
and the underground bank behind it,
Xin Qili's sister, Xin Youna,
is the key
It's hard to get a cab around here
I'll give you a ride
Um,
he's gone now
it's only natural to be upset,
but he's already passed,
and we still have to look forward, right?
Can you tell us more about your brother,
Xin Qili?
Chen Yongjiang is ruthless,
and we're doing everything we can to catch him
But you're Xin Qili's sister
You must know him best
If you know
anything about your brother and Chen Yongjiang,
any clues or anything,
please tell me
Whatever his relationship with my brother,
it shouldn't stop you from catching the killer,
should it?
The year our parents left us at the orphanage,
I was six
He was two
He couldn't even speak in full sentences
I wasn't great at school,
but I wasn't afraid of hard work
After middle school, I went to work in a factory,
just to save up more money
to put him through school
The year he graduated from high school,
I got this illness
The doctor said
treatment would cost hundreds of thousands
So he took his college admission letter
and hid it at the very bottom of the desk,
and refused to take it out, no matter what
Then he ran around trying to make money
Every cent he made
went to paying my medical bills
Holding that money,
I thought I'd be better off dead
But at the last moment,
I always desperately wanted to live
No matter how pathetic my life felt,
I wanted to keep living
Do you know about Xin Qili's
work at Yizhan Tech?
All I know is
a friend got him a job
at some tech company
The money he made
was indeed a lot more than before
Before we could even be happy,
he got arrested
The reason was
running accounts for the company
through gray channels
He never told me how hard or exhausting it was
As for that Chen Yongjiang,
he really never mentioned him to me
All right
Anyway,
let's stay in touch
If you remember anything else,
you can tell me anytime
My stop is just up ahead
Just drop me off there
Thanks
Okay
See you
A private hospital?
Yeah
Has she been staying here all along?
It's been about
three or four years now, right?